1. What is Semantic HTML?  provide meaning to your content 
    2. What is HTML used for? to provide structure for your page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? provide additional information about an element, start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?main headings, 1
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? img Element
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata 
    7. What is an id? specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? can be used on any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class?  is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name? 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? can be used on any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? There is no technical limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be         displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters,         headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for? to style the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page The <select> element
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one an ID can be used         to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?  write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? is used to match all the elements which are child of a         specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Descendant selectors
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element        (s)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Use the line-height property in CSS 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property increases or decreases the space between         characters in a text
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform, lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? <div style="border: dotted 1px black"         id="mydiv">content</div> 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? you start a comment with /* , and end it with */ . 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls (or list) command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm 
    34. Why should I use version control?  is important for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will         collaborate on, helps you keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
        Student will add TL as a collaborator
        Student then will Clone Repo
        Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-        lastName'
        Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
        Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
        Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
        TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

https://codepen.io/LeeTDragon99/pen/QWjwqYa